{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_edit.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Edit menu commands}

K{\footnote Edit menu commands}
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_top}Edit menu commands}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The Edit menu offers the following commands: 
 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Undo}{\v html_edit.htm_undo} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Redo}{\v html_edit.htm_redo} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Cut}{\v html_edit.htm_cut} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Copy}{\v html_edit.htm_copy} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Paste}{\v html_edit.htm_paste} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Select All}{\v html_edit.htm_selectall} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Rearrange Patterns}{\v html_edit.htm_reorderpatterns} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Cleanup Instruments}{\v html_edit.htm_cleanins} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Cleanup Samples}{\v html_edit.htm_cleansmp} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Cleanup Patterns}{\v html_edit.htm_cleanpat} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Cleanup Song}{\v html_edit.htm_cleansong} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Remove All Instruments}{\v html_edit.htm_removeallins} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Find}{\v html_edit.htm_find} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Find Next}{\v html_edit.htm_findnext} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_undo}Undo command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to reverse the last block editing action, if possible. 
NOTE: This command currently only works in the pattern editor.\line
Shortcut Key: Alt+Back 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_redo}Redo command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to cancel the last undo command. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_cut}Cut command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to delete the currently selected data. 
In the pattern screen, this will clear the current selection. 
In the sample screen this will cut the selection in the sample. 
If there is no selection, or if everything is selected, the sample 
will be removed. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_copy}Copy command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to copy selected data onto the clipboard. This command 
is unavailable if there is no data currently selected.\line
Copying data to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_paste}Paste command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to insert a copy of the clipboard contents at the insertion 
point. This command is unavailable if the clipboard is empty. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_selectall}Select All command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to select the entire pattern, or sample.\line
Keyboard shortcut: Ctrl+keypad 5 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_reorderpatterns}Rearrange Patterns}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will reorder the sequence list, so that all patterns 
are ordered, ie 0,1,2,2,3 etc. It will also remove all empty patterns 
that are not used in the song. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_cleanins}Cleanup Instruments}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will remove all unused instruments. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_cleansmp}Cleanup Samples}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will remove all unused samples, ie samples that are 
not referenced by any instruments, or samples part of a multisample 
instrument that are not used in the song. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_cleanpat}Cleanup Patterns}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will remove all patterns that are not used in the song, 
even if they are not empty. It will also reorder the sequence list. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_cleansong}Cleanup Song}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command is equivalent to Cleanup Patterns, Cleanup Instruments, 
and Cleanup Samples. For each of the cleanup commands, a window is 
displayed showing what was removed by the cleanup operation. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_removeallins}Remove All Instruments}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command, only useful for IT songs, will remove all instruments, 
and convert the current song to a sample-mode song (no instruments). 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_find}Find}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will search for a specific note, instrument, volume or 
effect in the patterns of the song. You can search in the whole song, 
or only in the current pattern. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_edit.htm_findnext}Find Next}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command continues the search previously started by the 
{\uldb Find}{\v html_edit.htm_find} command. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\uldb Other Edit menu commands}{\v html_edit.htm_top} \sa240\par\pard\plain
}
