{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_faq.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Frequently Asked Questions}

K{\footnote Frequently Asked Questions}
{\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_top}Frequently Asked Questions}\sa240\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_modtempo}When I save my song as a MOD, the default tempo is lost}\line
The MOD file format doesn't include tempo information. The default 
 tempo is always 125bpm, and the default speed is always 6. You need 
 to use a Set Tempo and Set Speed command at the start of your song. 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_sampler}How can I record samples in ModPlug Tracker?}\line
There is no built-in sampler in ModPlug Tracker. The easiest way to record 
 samples is to use any Windows-based sound utility (like Sound Recorder, or more 
 advanced tools like CoolEdit), record  whatever you want, and then use the 
 Edit/Copy function. You can then create a new sample in ModPlug Tracker, and 
 select the Edit/Paste command. 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_latency}Why is the note being played a long time after I pressed the key?}\line
This is due to the latency of the wave device. You can reduce this delay by 
 reducing the length of the sound buffers in the SoundCard setup, 
 but there will always be a small delay with a Wave Device. You can reduce a lot 
 this delay by selecting a DirectSound device in the soundcard options. 
 If you have a hardware-accelerated soundcard, you can try using DirectSound, 
 selecting "Use Secondary Buffers", and reduce the buffer size to 25ms. 
 (Note that on a software-emulated DirectSound driver this could force the 
 output quality to 22KHz, no matter what you select in the soundcard setup). 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_smpfmt}Could you add more sample formats for import?}\line
Well, I don't have the time to look all over the net for files and technical 
 specifications of a lot of file formats, but you can help me a lot if you want 
 to see support for a particular file format by sending me the technical specs 
 of this format (file structure), or if you can't find this information, you can 
 always send me a small file in this format, and the same file converted to a 
 WAV file (I'll try to figure it out by myself in this case).\line
Please don't ask me for MPEG Audio support or any other non-PCM lossy 
 streaming audio compression schemes (eg. MPEG Layer III or Real Audio). 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_smpstereo}How can I load the left or right channel of a stereo WAV file?}\line
Although undocumented in alpha releases of the tracker, you can open a WAV file 
 through the main file open (not from the sample screen): it will convert the 
 WAV file, and create an IT song with 2 samples (left and right channels). You can 
 then open the sample screen, copy the sample corresponding to the channel you 
 want, and then paste it into the sample screen of your song. 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_patresize}How can I change the length of a pattern?}\line
You can click on the small button in the top-left corner of the pattern editor, 
where the pattern number is displayed. This will show the advanced properties 
of the pattern, and allow you to resize it. 
Note that this is only available with XM and IT formats songs. 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_videobug}The audio sounds distorted when scrolling in the pattern editor}\line
If you have a PCI graphics accelerator, and an ISA soundcard, then you might 
be experiencing a problem in your graphic adapter drivers. Some manufacturers 
are locking the PCI bus while transfering bitmaps, so they can gain 0.01% 
in their benchmarks. Unfortunately, this also locks the ISA bus, thus causing 
the soundcard to skip audio samples. Try looking in your drivers documentation 
or advanced properties for an option to disable the pci bus locking. 
You can also try updating your graphics adapter drivers (Matrox fixed the 
problem in their latest drivers for Millenium and Mystique adapters) 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_fxinterp}How can I automatically interpolate effect values ?}\line
Make a selection in a single column with the effect in the first selected  
row being the same as the effect in the last selected row. Right click on the 
selection and select "interpolate volume" or "interpolate effect" (Or use the 
Ctrl+J and Ctrl+K shortcut keys) 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_multirec}How do I use the multichannel record ?}\line
Click on the channels you want to select for multi-channel record holding 
the SHIFT key. Move the cursor on one of these channels, then enter notes. 
The cursor will automatically jump from one channel to the other when you enter 
a new note. 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_chordedt}How do I use the chord editor ?}\line
First, you need to enable multichannel record, by selecting the channels 
that will be used for entering the chords. If you're using an external 
midi keyboard, MPT will detect if multiple keys are pressed simultaneously, 
and use the channels selected for multichannel record to enter the notes. 
On the PC keyboard, pressing the shortcut key Shift+key will enter the notes 
associated with the corresponding chord. If you didn't select any channel 
for multichannel record, then only the base note of the chord will be entered 
in the channel where the cursor is. 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_dlsbanks}Where can I find DLS sound banks ?}\line
If you have DirectX 6.1 installed, you should already have a DLS sound bank 
on your system. Select Add Sound Bank in the file menu, and browse to your 
Windows directory, in System32, Drivers. 
\line
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b #{\footnote html_faq.htm_ft2exts}My XM file doesn't load in FT2}\line
Modplug Tracker supports extensions to the XM and IT formats that will not be recognized 
in the original tracker. Keep in mind that the original FT2 only supports XM modules 
with a maximum of 32 channels, and only an even number of channels. Most players will 
have no problem loading these XM files, though. 
\line
\par\pard\plain
}
