{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_file.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote File menu commands}

K{\footnote File menu commands}
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_top}File menu commands}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The File menu offers the following commands: 
 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb New}{\v html_file.htm_new} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Open}{\v html_file.htm_open} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Close}{\v html_file.htm_close} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Save}{\v html_file.htm_save} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Save As}{\v html_file.htm_saveas} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Save as Wave}{\v html_file.htm_saveaswave} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Save as MP3}{\v html_file.htm_saveasmp3} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Export as Midi}{\v html_file.htm_saveasmid} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Import Midi Library}{\v html_file.htm_importlib} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Add Sound Bank}{\v html_file.htm_importdls} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Exit}{\v html_file.htm_exit} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_new}New command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to create a new module in ModPlug Tracker, and select 
the type of song you want to create: MOD, S3M, XM or IT (Note that you can 
also change the module type later). If you want to use instruments, volume 
envelopes, and NNAs, you have to manually add an instrument. 
It is not recommended to convert a S3M/IT/XM module to a MOD 
module, since a lot of features are not supported in the MOD file format. 
For more details, see also the {\uldb Music Module File Formats}{\v html_formats.htm_top_of_file_label} section. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_open}Open command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Opens an existing song. The song will be converted to a MOD, S3M, 
XM, or IT module. The following file formats are supported: 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.669: UNIS 669, 669 Composer modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.AMF: Asylum / DSMI modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.AMS: Velvet Studio v1.x modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.DBM: DigiBooster Pro modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.DSM: DSIK music modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.FAR: Farandole Composer modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.IT:  Impulse Tracker modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.MDL: DigiTracker 1.x modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.MED: OctaMed modules (Only MMD0/MMD1 modules will play correctly).\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.MID: Midi Files (The samples will be taken from the midi library).\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.MOD: ProTracker modules (4-32 channels, 15/31 samples).\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.MTM: MultiTracker modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.NST: NoiseTracker modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.OKT: Oktalyzer modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.S3M: ScreamTracker III modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.STM: ScreamTracker II modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.ULT: UltraTracker modules (buggy).\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.WOW: Grave Composer modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.WAV: Loads WAV files, separating the left and right channels as 2 samples.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab *.XM:  FastTracker II modules.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab All the above when zipped (*.MDZ, *.S3Z, *.XMZ, *.ITZ, *.ZIP).\par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_save}Save command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Saves an opened song using the same file name. 
You can save the song as a MOD, S3M, XM or IT module. 
See also the {\uldb Music Module File Formats}{\v html_formats.htm_top_of_file_label} section 
for more details about the limitations of each file format. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_saveas}Save As command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Saves an opened song to a specified file name. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_saveaswave}Save as Wave command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Saves an opened song as a Wave file (Direct-to-disk recording). 
The wave file will be saved with the same attributes than the ones 
defined in the Player/Soundcard Setup dialog. (Using the same mixing 
rate, and player options). The "Advanced Soundcard Setup" options 
have no effect on the wave file quality. Note that the wave writer 
has a slightly better quality resampler, and if you select the 
'Normalize' option, the saved wave file will probably have a better 
Signal/Noise ratio (SNR).\line
If you want to put your song on a CD, make sure you select 44100Hz, 
stereo, 16-bit in the soundcard setup. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_saveasmp3}Save as MP3 command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Saves the current song as a MPEG Layer3 file (MP3 or WAV Layer3).\line
Note that this option will be available only if you have a MPEG Layer3 
encoder installed. This function will NOT normalize the output of the file, 
and the AGC may be active, so make sure you select an appropriate volume 
level, or use the Save As Wave function to save the song as a normalized 
WAV file, and then use an external MPEG Layer3 encoder to convert the file. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_saveasmid}Export as Midi command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Saves the current song as a MID or RMI file.\line
You will need to manually assign each instrument to a midi program or percussion  
number. Only the basic notation will be saved, since most tracker effects do not 
have midi equivalents. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_close}Close command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This will close the current opened window. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_importlib}Import Midi Library}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will import the instrument definition file used when importing 
midi files (saved in mptrack.ini). This allows you to keep different midi 
configurations. If the file you choose is a DLS or SF2 sound bank, all midi 
instruments will be mapped to this bank.\line
When you import the midi from a sound bank, you will be asked if you want 
to replace only the missing instruments. Choosing YES will replace only 
the midi instruments that are not yet mapped to a sound bank. Choosing NO 
will map all midi instruments to the selected sound bank (if they are present). 
The midi libary's instruments are used when importing midi files. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_importdls}Add Sound Bank}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command allows you to add a new sound bank (displayed in the tree view 
after the midi library) to import instruments from. If you have DirectX 6.1, 
you should also have a file called GM.DLS in your windows\\system folder 
(Windows95), or in windows\\system32\\drivers (Windows98). 
DLS stands for DownLoadable Sounds. 
Each sound bank contains a large set of melodic instruments and drum kits. 
Note that you can't install more than 10 different DLS/SF2 sound banks. 
You can double-click on an instrument in the sound bank to hear it. If you want to 
use the instrument in your song, just drag it and drop it into the instrument 
editor window (or sample editor if you only want to load the raw sample data). 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_file.htm_exit}Exit command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Exits ModPlug Tracker. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\uldb Other File menu commands}{\v html_file.htm_top} \sa240\par\pard\plain
}
