{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_formats.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Music Module File Formats}

K{\footnote Music Module File Formats}
{\b #{\footnote html_formats.htm_top}Module File Formats}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The following formats can be edited by ModPlug Tracker: 
 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb MOD: ProTracker / NoiseTracker Music Modules}{\v html_formats.htm_mod} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb S3M: ScreamTracker III Music Modules}{\v html_formats.htm_s3m} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb XM: FastTracker II Music Modules}{\v html_formats.htm_xm} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb IT: Impulse Tracker Music Modules}{\v html_formats.htm_it} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_formats.htm_mod}MOD: ProTracker / NoiseTracker Music Module}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The MOD format is the most widely supported music module file format. If you 
heard about "Only Amiga makes it possible", you probably know the story of 
MOD music. Anyway, this is probably the oldest music module file format, and 
has a lot of limitations: you may be able to edit some features in ModPlug 
Tracker, but you'll lose some information after saving the song to disk. 
Here is the limitation of the MOD format: 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab No instrument support\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Maximum of 31 samples\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Sample size is limited to 8-bit, 128K\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Fixed number of 64 rows per pattern\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Maximum of 64 different patterns\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Maximum of 128 patterns in the pattern sequence\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab No volume column (You can edit it, but it won't be saved)\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab No note off/note cut support in the note column\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Effects not supported: Global Volume, Global Volume Slide, Key Off, 
  Panning Slide, R-Retrig, Tremor, Fine Portamento (Only MOD/XM effects 
  0-F are supported).\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Comments are not saved in the file\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Initial Speed, Initial Tempo and Initial Volume are not saved\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Fixed default panning for each channel\par\pard\plain
I personnally don't recommend using MOD files. If you're familiar with 
MOD effect syntax, you should edit XM modules, which have pretty much 
the same effects, and a lot more features. XM songs are also quite 
popular on PC.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_formats.htm_s3m}S3M: ScreamTracker III Music Modules}\sa240\par\pard\plain
ScreamTracker III is probably the first big impact in mod music on 
the PC platform. It has all the features of the mod format, and 
introduced a lot more features. It's still limited compared to XM 
or IT modules, especially since it lacks volume envelopes, but is still 
a very powerful format. One of the big advantage of S3M modules is that 
it's almost as popular as MOD songs, and will be played by any decent 
mod player. The only thing S3M songs don't allow is instruments and 
everything that comes with it (envelopes, note mapping), and have the 
same mod limitation of 64 rows per pattern. 
Song comments will not be saved in S3M modules, and there is a maximum 
of 32 channels. Besides that, it's still an excellent format, although 
some older players may not recognize the new S3M effects introduced by 
Impulse Tracker, like Tempo Slide (T0x, T1x), Channel Volume (Mxx, Nxy), Panning Slide (Pxy) 
and PanBrello (Yxy), and won't play S3M with more than 16 channels.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_formats.htm_xm}XM: FastTracker II Music Modules}\sa240\par\pard\plain
XM modules are a superset of MOD modules. You can find everything you 
have in MODs, but there is more effects, no sample size limit (Well, 
ModPlug has a sample limit of 16MB/sample), support for 16-bit samples, 
a variable number of rows per pattern, up to 64 channels, and the 
introduction of a powerful new feature: the instruments. 
Before, instruments and samples were quite the same thing. In XM and 
IT modules, an instrument can have more than one sample. 
For each note, you can associate a different instrument, a 
volume/panning envelope, and a fadeout volume. 
The only problem with XM modules, is that samples can't be shared by 
different instruments. So when you associate a sample in two different 
instruments, ModPlug will save the sample twice, in order to preserve 
XM compatibility. The main advantage of XM over IT modules is that 
they are more supported on PC than IT modules - which not a lot of players 
support yet.\line
Note: FT2 will not load XM modules with an odd number of channels, or 
modules with more than 32 channels.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_formats.htm_it}IT: Impulse Tracker Music Modules}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Like XM modules are an extension of MOD modules, IT is a superset of S3M. 
Impulse Tracker Modules represent a major improvement over the other ones. 
If you never used instruments with FastTracker, IT songs could be considered 
exactly as S3M songs. However, the major improvement, besides the fact that, 
like FastTracker II, it doesn't have the 64-rows limits in patterns, and 
can have comments in the song (No need to edit sample names anymore), is the 
support for volume/panning/pitch envelopes and especially NNAs. 
The New Note Action option means that when you play a new note, the old one 
doesn't have to be cut abruptly, but can fade in the background, for example. 
If you are just starting to write your own mod music, I recommend starting 
with S3M modules (Or IT modules with no instruments), and then get yourself 
used to the volume envelopes and NNA effects.\line
}
