{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_intro.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Introduction}

K{\footnote Introduction}
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_top}Introduction}\sa240\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Software Information}{\v html_intro.htm_software} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb System Requirements}{\v html_intro.htm_system} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Contact / Technical Support}{\v html_intro.htm_contact} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Command Line Switches}{\v html_intro.htm_cmdline} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Technical Information}{\v html_intro.htm_techinfo} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb International Versions}{\v html_intro.htm_mptintl} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Tracker features}{\v html_intro.htm_features} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Credits}{\v html_intro.htm_credits} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb History}{\v html_intro.htm_history} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_software}Software Information}\sa240\par\pard\plain
ModPlug Tracker is freeware and may be freely distributed. 
As it is a freeware, I am not responsible for any 
problems that could be caused by the usage of this program.\line
THIS PROGRAM IS ONLY INTENDED FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE.\line
(FAQ: Yes, you can release your songs created with MPT commercially 
without paying anything to anybody) 
\line
My only goal for writing ModPlug Tracker is to try to spread out tracked 
music, taking it out of DOS-World, and try to keep it free.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_system}System Requirements}\sa240\par\pard\plain
* Minimum Requirements:\line
- Pentium 133MHz\line
- 32MB of memory\line
- Windows 95/98, Windows NT 3.51 or higher.\line
- A 16-bit soundcard with 32-bit drivers.\line
- 800x600x8 screen resolution\line
\line
* Recommended configuration:\line
- Pentium II 233MHz or above\line
- 64MB of memory\line
- Windows 98/ME or Windows 2000 
  - DirectX 6 or higher\line
- 1024x768x16bpp screen resolution\line
\line
* Optimal configuration:\line
- Pentium III 600MHz\line
- 128MB of memory\line
- AGP Graphics Accelerator\line
- DirectX 8 or higher\line
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_contact}Contact / Technical Support}\sa240\par\pard\plain
For any technical questions, or bug report, you can contact me at 
"olivier@modplug.com". Also check often the ModPlug Central web site 
for the latest releases: "http://www.modplug.com". 
(I usually also have beta versions on my home page at 
"http://pweb.jps.net/~olivierl", but it might be buggy, and the 
site is not as fast). 
Do not hesitate to post your questions on internet, there is a quick link 
in the help menu to go to the Modplug Central bulletin boards, where other 
users may be able to answer your questions\line
\line
Please try to be precise when sending bug reports (I don't really have 
the time for 'This song doesn't play right.'. If possible, try to localise 
the problem by creating a short song with a couple of patterns reproducing 
the bug. Try including a quick description of your system (processor, operating 
system, sound card, and amount of memory)\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_cmdline}Command Line Switches}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The following switches are available when launching Modplug Tracker: 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b -nologo}: Do not display the splash screen when starting\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b -nomp3}: Disable MPEG Layer3 encoding\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b -noacm}: Do not use ACM codecs for encoding\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b -nodls}: Do not load sound banks\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b -wavex}: Enable multichannel audio support\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b -noplugs}: Disable support for external plugins\par\pard\plain
\line
You can use these switches if you experience problems when loading Modplug Tracker.\line
Example: mptrack -nologo -nomp3 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_techinfo}Technical Information}\sa240\par\pard\plain
ModPlug Tracker is a 32-bit Win32 application, featuring a lot of 
options to create the best possible output (Up to 48KHz, 16-bit, stereo):\line
- 32-bit internal precision for mixing, dithered to 16-bit.\line
- Very high quality resampling filter.\line
- Support for MMX/3DNow!/SSE instructions\line
- Automatic click removal\line
- Digital Bass Expansion filter (filter range and depth customizable in Advanced Player Options)\line
- Dolby Pro-Logic Surround support with custom delay.\line
- Reverberator engine, with environment presets. 
- HF Noise Reduction: attenuation of the background noise by filtering very high 
  frequencies in the sound.\line
- Stereo Separation option (25%-400%), useful for headphones.\line
- 6-bands Graphic Equalizer (requires fast floating point support).\line
- DirectSound support for low-latency mixing on hardware-accelerated soundcards\line
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_mptintl}International Versions}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Modplug Tracker is written with a default page code of 0409 (English - US)\line
You can freely edit the resources to make a localized version of Modplug Tracker, 
although some strings are hardcoded in the code (not as resources).\line
I am trying to improve the support for easier localization, but it is a lot of work.\line
However, starting from v1.15.0154, MPT supports localized strings in the file MPT_INTL.INI\line
This file contains string sections for a specific language id. For example, in Australia, MPT will 
look for strings in the [Strings.0C09] (0C09=Australian English language id). If it isn't found, then it 
will look in the [Strings.0009] section (generic english), if not found, it will look in the 
[Strings] section (no language id), and if still not found, it will use the default value for the string.\line
For example, to set the option names in the setup general tab, the strings would be\line
{\i Setup.Gen.Opt1.Name=Play new notes while recording}\line
{\i Setup.Gen.Opt1.Desc=When this option is enabled, notes entered in the pattern editor will always be played (If not checked, notes won't be played in record mode).}\line
Feel free to email me if you have specific questions about this.\line
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_features}Tracker Features}\sa240\par\pard\plain
- Up to 64 channels supported for editing (up to 200 virtual channels)\line
- The following formats are supported for import:\line
- *.669: UNIS 669, 669 Composer modules.\line
- *.AMF: Asylum / DSMI modules.\line
- *.AMS: Velvet Studio AMS 1.x modules.\line
- *.DBM: DigiBooster Pro modules.\line
- *.DMF: X-Tracker modules.\line
- *.DSM: DSIK modules.\line
- *.FAR: Farandole Composer modules.\line
- *.IT:  Impulse Tracker modules.\line
- *.MDL: DigiTracker 1.x modules.\line
- *.MED: OctaMed modules (buggy).\line
- *.MID: Midi Files.\line
- *.MOD: ProTracker modules (4-32 channels, 15/31 samples).\line
- *.MTM: MultiTracker modules.\line
- *.NST: NoiseTracker modules.\line
- *.OKT: Oktalyzer Modules.\line
- *.PTM: PolyTracker modules.\line
- *.S3M: ScreamTracker III modules.\line
- *.STM: ScreamTracker II modules.\line
- *.ULT: UltraTracker modules (buggy).\line
- *.UMX: Musics from Unreal and Unreal Tournament\line
- *.WOW: Grave Composer modules.\line
- *.XM:  FastTracker II modules.\line
- All the above when zipped (*.MDZ, *.S3Z, *.XMZ, *.ITZ, *.ZIP).\line
\line
- ModPlug Tracker can save in the following formats:\line
- IT:  Impulse Tracker modules.\line
- MOD: ProTracker modules (4-32 channels, 15/31 samples).\line
- S3M: ScreamTracker III modules.\line
- XM:  FastTracker II modules.\line
- WAV: Wave Files (Direct-to-disk recording 8/16/32-bit, mono/stereo/quad)\line
\line
- There is two display modes, to respect FT2/IT notation: MOD/XM (commands 
  are displayed from 0 to X) and S3M/IT (commands are displayed from A to Z)\line
- You can edit multiple songs at the same time.\line
- The following sample formats are supported in the current version:\line
- *.WAV: Uncompressed Windows Wave File (PCM 8/16bit, mono/stereo).\line
- *.XI: Samples from XI instruments.\line
- *.PAT: UltraSound GF1 Patches (8/16-bit mono)\line
- *.S3I/*.SMP: ScreamTracker 3 / DigiTracker Samples\line
- *.ITS: Impulse Tracker Samples\line
- *.RAW: Support for importing any file as RAW sample data.\line
- *.AIF/*.AIFF/*.8SVX/*.8SV: Apple AIFF and 8SVX Audio Files\line
- Modplug Tracker also supports the following sound banks formats:\line
- *.DLS: Downloadable Sounds Banks\line
- *.SF2: SoundFont 2.0 Sound Banks\line
- FastTracker II XI and Impulse Tracker ITI instruments are supported for 
  import/export.\line
- Copy/Paste between different songs. It also allows you to use a windows-based 
  sample editor, and paste the samples directly into your song.\line
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_credits}Credits}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This list should be much longer, but thanks to everybody who contributed 
with feedback, bug reports, and suggestions to the development of Modplug Tracker.\line
Special thanks to\line
Mister X AKA Kim: Modplug Central (most poeple wouldn't even know about Modplug without him)\line
Maz: Always a great software source for mod-related tools.\line
Static Lab (about box logo), Zola, Wolfe Bowers, Martin DobSchmi, Cantaloup, 
SiDEWiNDER, Chris and the Clones, Rani Assaf (linux-gmodplay-port), 
Steve Gilmore, Carsten Mussig, John Steel, Olaf Grebe, Claymore, Skaven 
 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_intro.htm_history}History}\sa240\par\pard\plain
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.16 - (November 2001)}\par\pard\plain
\line
- Support for DirectX Media Audio Effects\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.12 - (August 2000)}\par\pard\plain
\line
- Support for VST Effect Plugins (Up to 8 effects per song)!\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.11 - (July 2000)}\par\pard\plain
\line
- Stereo samples support!\line
- Fixes glitches with the original 1.10 release\line
- Improved sound engine with some compatibility fixes for high octaves\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.10 - (June 2000)}\par\pard\plain
\line
- Includes all the bug fixes and patches released since the original 1.09.\line
- You can now export a song as a standard Midi file\line
- When encoding as MP3, you can set the full ID3 tag information (author, genre...)\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.09 - (August 1999)}\par\pard\plain
\line
- Undo button in the pattern editor\line
- New reverberator engine (much better)\line
- Major improvements in the instrument library: you can now browse 
  samples inside a song, and drag and drop samples between different songs.\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.08 - (July 1999)}\par\pard\plain
\line
- Minor improvements, VU-Meters, pattern undo, etc\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.04 - Modplug Tracker Final Release (February 1999)}\par\pard\plain
\line
- Lots of improvements and new features. Midi-Out and help update will be for a future release (1.1?)\line
- Chord Editor\line
- Drag and Drop editing\line
- MPEG Layer3 encoding (if an external encoder is present)\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.00b3 - beta 3}\par\pard\plain
\line
- Lots of bug fixes, and improvements\line
- The sample library is working: you can drag files from the sample library 
  to the sample/instrument editor.\line
- Support for standard sound banks: You can now install  DLS and SF2 sound banks.\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.00b - beta}\par\pard\plain
\line
This is the first public release of ModPlug Tracker Beta (June 18, 1998). 
The help file is still quite small, but the interface has been completely 
redesigned, so it's MUCH easier to use. Drawing in the pattern editor needs 
to be optimized. This release also include basic Midi support (no sync on 
midi clock yet) and low-latency DirectSound buffers.\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 1.00a - alpha}\par\pard\plain
\line
This is the first alpha release of ModPlug Tracker (October 15, 1997). 
A lot of features are still missing, but the copy/cut/paste, and support 
for XI instruments makes ModPlug Tracker good enough for an alpha version. 
I have to work on the help too.\line
\line
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b 0.0xa - pre-alpha:}\par\pard\plain
\line
This is the first public release of ModPlug Tracker (09/19/97).\line
\par\pard\plain
\line
}
