{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_mainbar.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Main Window Controls}

K{\footnote Main Window Controls}
{\b #{\footnote html_mainbar.htm_top}Main Window controls}\sa240\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Base Octave}{\v html_mainbar.htm_baseoctave} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Tempo}{\v html_mainbar.htm_tempo} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Speed}{\v html_mainbar.htm_speed} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Tree View}{\v html_mainbar.htm_tree} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_mainbar.htm_baseoctave}Base Octave}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This number represent the base octave used for editing notes. 
The dialog in the {\uldb View-Setup}{\v html_setup.htm_keyboard} menu 
allows you to customize your keyboard, so that the keys are mapped 
on up to 3 octaves: Base_Octave-1, Base_Octave, and Base_Octave+1. 
The initial Base Octave is 5, which means that if you type the D# key 
for Base_Octave+1, the note played will be a D#6. 
You can set the Base Octave from 1 to 8.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_mainbar.htm_tempo}Tempo}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This number represents the current tempo (in BPMs) of the song currently 
playing. You can change the tempo, but it will be overridden by any tempo 
effects present in the song. The BPM displayed is accurate for a speed of 6. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_mainbar.htm_speed}Speed}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This number represents the current speed of the song, which is a tempo 
divider: higher number means slower tempo. It is the number of beats (ticks) 
for each row of the song. Like the tempo, you can change the speed of the 
current song being played, but it will be overridden by any speed effects 
present in the song. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_mainbar.htm_tree}Tree View}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The tree view on left of the screen displays the installed sound banks, 
the midi library (used when importing midi files), the instrument library 
(a simple instrument/sample browser), and all the songs currently opened. 
\line
You can right-click on any item, which will bring a menu with different 
operation you can perform on it. The hilighted operation is the default 
operation that will be performed if you double-click on the item.\line
You can drag and drop items from and to the tree: 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab You can drag a file from the instrument library to an instrument in the 
midi library, which will assign a specific midi instrument to this file.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab You can drag and drop pattern numbers in the sequence list, to easily 
reorder the pattern sequence\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab You can drag patterns, samples and instruments from the tree to the 
pattern, sample, or instrument screen to edit them (also with double-click)\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab You can browse songs as if it was a folder with samples and instruments, 
simply drag and drop a sample to the sample editor to open it\par\pard\plain
\line
You can also use the keyboard in the tree: 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Pressing Enter is equivalent to a mouse double-click\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Pressing Space will play the selected item (samples and instruments only)\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab Pressing Delete will remove the item (Files from the instrument library will be sent to the Recycle Bin).\par\pard\plain
\line
}
