{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_patterns.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Pattern Window}

K{\footnote Pattern Window}
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_top}Pattern Window}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The following commands are available in the pattern window: 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb New Pattern}{\v html_patterns.htm_new} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Play Pattern}{\v html_patterns.htm_play} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Stop Pattern}{\v html_patterns.htm_stop} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Record Button}{\v html_patterns.htm_rec} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Follow Song}{\v html_patterns.htm_followsong} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Sequence Controls}{\v html_patterns.htm_sequence} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Spacing}{\v html_patterns.htm_spacing} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Drag and Drop editing}{\v html_patterns.htm_dndedit} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_new}New Pattern}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command, available in the pattern toolbar, creates a new pattern 
in the song.\line
There is a limit of 240 patterns in a song.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_stop}Stop Pattern}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command stops playing the current pattern.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_play}Play Pattern (F7)}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will keep playing the current pattern (looping).\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_rec}Record Button}\sa240\par\pard\plain
When this button is down (Record Mode), playing notes on the keyboard 
will record them in the current pattern. If the button is up (Play Mode), 
the notes will be played, but the pattern will remain unchanged.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_followsong}Follow Song}\sa240\par\pard\plain
When this option is used, the cursor in the pattern window will follow 
the music. It will display the current playing pattern, and highlight 
the current row.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_sequence}Sequence Controls}\sa240\par\pard\plain
These controls allow you to navigate through the song, and edit the 
pattern sequence (Pattern Order List). You can schedule a pattern to be 
played after the current pattern has finished playing by holding the [CONTROL] key  
while clicking on a pattern position (useful for creating live transitions). 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_spacing}Spacing}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The spacing is the number of rows skipped when entering a new note\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_patterns.htm_dndedit}Drag and Drop editing}\sa240\par\pard\plain
When Drag and Drop editing is enabled in the setup screen, you can 
move a selection by dragging it with the mouse, or copy it by holding the 
SHIFT key while dragging it. You can also hold the CTRL key while clicking 
on a note to copy it to a new location in the pattern. 
\line
}
