{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_player.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Player menu commands}

K{\footnote Player menu commands}
{\b #{\footnote html_player.htm_top}Player menu commands}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The Player menu offers the following commands: 
 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Play}{\v html_player.htm_play} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Play From Start}{\v html_player.htm_restart} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Stop}{\v html_player.htm_stop} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Pause}{\v html_player.htm_pause} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Midi Record}{\v html_player.htm_midirec} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_player.htm_play}Play command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command starts playing the current song, from the 
position it was the last time it was paused.\line
Shortcut key: F5. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_player.htm_restart}Play From Start command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command plays the song from the first pattern in the order 
list.\line
Shortcut key: F6. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_player.htm_stop}Stop command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command stops the current song, and reset the song position, 
so that the next time you play, it will play from the beginning of 
the song.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_player.htm_pause}Pause command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command stops the current playing song. The next time you play 
it, it will continue from where it was paused.\line
Shortcut key: F8, or ESC.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_player.htm_midirec}Midi Record command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
When this button is pushed, midi record will be enabled, using 
input from the selected midi input device. 
In the pattern, samples and instrument editor, all input from 
the midi device will be used for recording or playing notes. 
\line
Shortcut key: F9. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\uldb Other Player menu commands}{\v html_player.htm_top} \sa240\par\pard\plain
}
