{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_samples.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Sample Window}

K{\footnote Sample Window}
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_top}Sample Window}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The following commands are available in the sample window: 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb New Sample}{\v html_samples.htm_new} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Import Sample}{\v html_samples.htm_open} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Export Sample}{\v html_samples.htm_save} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Test Sample}{\v html_samples.htm_test} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Normalize}{\v html_samples.htm_normalize} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Amplify}{\v html_samples.htm_amplify} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Upsample}{\v html_samples.htm_upsample} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Downsample}{\v html_samples.htm_downsample} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Reverse}{\v html_samples.htm_reverse} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_new}New Sample}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command, available in the sample toolbar, inserts a new sample 
in the song (It doesn't overwrite the current sample).\line
There is a limit of 199 samples in a song.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_open}Import Sample}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command allows you to import a sample from a WAV,PAT,XI,SND,AIFF file. 
(You can also load any file as raw sample data).\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_save}Export Sample}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command allows you to export the current sample as a WAVE file.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_test}Test Sample}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This small button plays a middle C (C-5) using the current sample, or 
stops it if the sample is currently playing.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_normalize}Normalize}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This function will normalize the current sample, so it will use the full-scale 
8-bit or 16-bit, and having the best possible SNR. Always try to use normalized samples: 
if it sounds too loud, adjust the global volume of the sample instead.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_amplify}Amplify}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This function will amplify the current sample. It is better to used the Normalize 
function, since amplifying too much a sample can make it clip. You can also use 
this function for fade-in and fade-out effects.\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_upsample}Upsample}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The upsample function will stretch the current selection, and convert the sample to 16-bit\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_downsample}Upsample}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The downsample function will shrink the current selection\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_samples.htm_reverse}Reverse}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will reverse the current sample\line
}
