{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_setup.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Modplug Tracker Setup}

K{\footnote Modplug Tracker Setup}
{\b #{\footnote html_setup.htm_top}Modplug Tracker Setup}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The setup screen allows you to customize most functions of Modplug Tracker. 
You can access the setup through the View menu, or from the setup button 
in the main toolbar. 
 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb General setup}{\v html_setup.htm_general} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Sound Card setup}{\v html_setup.htm_soundcard} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Player setup}{\v html_setup.htm_player} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Equalizer setup}{\v html_setup.htm_equalizer} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Keyboard setup}{\v html_setup.htm_keyboard} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Colors setup}{\v html_setup.htm_colors} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Midi setup}{\v html_setup.htm_midi} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_setup.htm_general}General Setup}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The general setup screen allows you to configure the default directories 
used when opening songs, samples and instruments. 
You can also select miscellaneous options of Modplug Tracker: each of 
them has a little description displayed next to the option list. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_setup.htm_soundcard}Sound Card Setup}\sa240\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Sound Device: }This allows you to select a sound device from all the devices available in your 
system. I recommend using the 'Primary Sound Driver', which is the default 
DirectSound driver, or any other DirectSound driver available. 
If you can't hear any sound or if the sound skips too much, try using the 
'DirectSound Secondary Buffers' option, with a 50-100ms sound buffer length. 
If this still doesn't work, then you can disable directsound, by using a wave 
driver, but you will probably experience a long latency (delayed response) 
when playing notes. 
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Buffer length: }This allows you to control the length of the sound buffer length. 
The smaller, the better, but you might experience noise if you set it 
to a too small value. Usually, 100 ms should work in most computers. 
Note that this doesn't affect DirectSound if you didn't check the 
'use secondary buffers' option. 
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Enable MMX Acceleration: }It kinda speaks for itself. If you have an MMX processor, you should use 
this option, since it will take less CPU to mix. 
(it will be grayed out if your processor doesn't support MMX extensions) 
Note that it will not make a big difference on a Pentium II, since the 
regular multiply instructions are very fast, but it makes a big difference 
on MMX Pentiums (P55C).\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Mixing Quality: }This selects the output mixing frequency: the 
bigger, the better, but it will also take more CPU. Make sure you read 
the documentation of your soundcard if you want to use 48KHz: the best 
quality is the same frequency than the codec of your soundcard (usually 
44.1KHz or 48KHz\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Stereo, 16-Bit: }Always turn on these options, unless you have a old soundcard that doesn't 
support 16-bit mixing. 16-Bit mixing has a much better quality than 8-bit, 
and doesn't take more CPU. If you have a slow computer (486, or non-MMX 
Pentium slower than 133MHz), or if you have mono speakers, you can disable the stereo 
since mixing will be much faster. On MMX processors, stereo doesn't take 
more time than mono mixing.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Max. Polyphony: }This sets a maximum of voices that will be mixed simultaneously. 
The default of 32 voices is a very good value. Use more if you have a very 
fast PC, or less (24 is pretty good). Usually, you won't notice a difference 
in the sound quality. (Note that channels playing at zero volume are not 
counted in the active channels. In case too many channels are being played, 
Modplug will cut the channels with the lowest volume)\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Stereo Separation: }I recommend using this option only when you're using headphones, since a 
high stereo separation can be annoying, otherwise, you should always leave 
the slider at the middle (normal stereo separation).\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Headphones: }When this option is enabled, the player uses a softer panning mode, 
better tuned for headphones listening\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Pre-Amp: }This slider selects the overall amplification of the mixing. When the AGC 
is not active, too high values might cause clipping in the sound (distortion). 
It's up to you (the composer) to adjust the overall volume of your 
song so that the level isn't too loud or too quiet. Use the global volume 
effects or the song volume slider (In the General view) to control the 
overall volume of the song.\par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_setup.htm_player}Player Setup}\sa240\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Bass Expansion}\line
This option will amplify all low-frequencies in the sound. It can be pretty 
useful since each channel has a limited volume, and it is much better to 
use the bass expansion than playing 4 times the same sample on 4 different 
channels, or to [even worse] to over-amplify a sample causing it to clip, 
like in a lot of older amiga MODs. Like all other effects, don't push 
it too much. A little bit is good, with both the range and depth sliders 
set to 25%.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Reverb}\line
The reverb can make the final mix more 'rich'. Like all other effects, don't 
over-use it. A strong reverb can sound great on some songs, but can also sound 
bad on others. I recommend using a medium depth (50%). 
This version of Modplug Tracker has a completely new reverberator engine, 
much better than in earlier 1.09 versions.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Pro-Logic Surround}\line
I recommend using this option, especially if you have a Pro-Logic decoder, 
but like all other effects, don't make it too strong or else it will sound 
weird. Use a small delay (a bigger delay can be useful when mixed with the 
reverb), and a medium depth.\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Resampling Mode}\line
This is a trade off between performance and quality. Recommended option 
is Linear for Pentium processor, Spline for MMX processors, and High Quality 
for Celerons, Pentium II and above. No resampling is not recommended unless 
you're trying to run MPT on a 30MHz processor. 
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Noise Reduction}\line
The noise reduction is a simple filter for very high frequencies. 
If you find that you have too much high-frequency noise, you can try using 
this option, but I personally don't recommend using it since it is a very 
simple -6dB/octave low-pass filter for very high frequencies (not very high 
quality). 
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Enable Graphic Equalizer}\line
This enables the 6-bands graphic equalizer (See below for more details). 
This option will be available only on pentium processors, since the floating 
point unit of slower CPUs (486 and some Cyrix processors) would barely make 
it in real time. 
\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\b Automatic Gain Control}\line
If this option is checked, the player will decrease the overall amplification 
if the song is too loud (causing distortion). I don't recommend using this 
with Modplug Tracker, since you should adjust the overall volume of the 
song so that it doesn't cause distortion. 
\par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_setup.htm_equalizer}Equalizer Setup}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This section allows you to control the gain (or attenuation) for each 
of the 6 frequency bands: 125Hz, 300Hz, 600Hz, 1.2kHz, 4kHz and 8kHz. 
The gain for each frequency band goes from -12dB to +12dB. 
Like any other effect, try not to abuse of the EQ, especially if you're 
a composer, since listeners might not have the same EQ preferences. 
Since Modplug Tracker v1.09, you can also select the center frequency 
for each band, by right-clicking on the slider, and save up to 4 different 
presets\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_setup.htm_keyboard}Keyboard Setup}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This section allows you to customize the keyboard so that you can assign 
a note to a key. You can have up to 3 octaves on the keyboard, but all 
notes assigned to the spacebar will be ignored (You can use only 2 octaves 
if you map all the notes in an octave to the spacebar). 
The 'Enable FT2 shortcut keys' option allows you to use the right-ctrl 
and right-alt (AltGr) as shortcuts for Play and Play Pattern.\line
You can also customize some of the shortcut keys\line
See also: {\uldb Keyboard Shortcuts}{\v html_keyboard.htm_top} \line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_setup.htm_colors}Colors Setup}\sa240\par\pard\plain
You can customize most of the colors used in Modplug Tracker by selecting 
an item and changing the corresponding colors. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_setup.htm_midi}Midi Setup}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This section allows you to select the midi input device used by ModPlug 
Tracker when recording from an external midi keyboard. Both checkboxes should 
be checked, unless you have a specific reason for not wanting it. 
 
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\uldb Back to the top}{\v html_setup.htm_top} \sa240\par\pard\plain
}
