{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_starting.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Getting Started}

K{\footnote Getting Started}
#{\footnote html_starting.htm_top}{\b Using the tracker }{\i (by Zola)}\sa240\par\pard\plain
\line
{\b #{\footnote html_starting.htm_general}The General screen}\line
\line
In this screen, the basic parameters of the song are set. 
Most are self-explanatory. It should be noted that if you begin a tune with a  
set number of channels and decide to add more, this is the screen you want. 
Simply select the [change] option, and select the number of channels desired 
from the pull-down menu. This is also the place where you can convert to other  
formats. Again, select [change] and choose the file format and number of 
channels desired. Don't forget to save!\line
\line
{\b #{\footnote html_starting.htm_pattern}The Pattern screen}\line
\line
{\i Getting Around in the Pattern Screen}\line
\line
ModPlug is a true Windows tracker, thus navigation is done with the mouse. 
Simply point and click! (Yes, you can use the cursor if you are a diehard 
cursor fan!)\line
\line
{\i Entering information}\line
\line
In the default set-up, 6 channels are displayed at a time. You can view more 
channels using the scrollbar. Each channel has a set of columns within it:\line
\line
{\b .  .  .    .  .     .  .    .  .  .       }Empty columns\line
{\b C-5     .  .     .  .    .  .  .       }Note column (C5 being the note C in the fifth octave)\line
{\b .  .  .    01     .  .    .  .  .       }Sample/Instrument Column\line
{\b .  .  .    .  .   v56    .  .  .       }Volume or Panning Column\line
{\b .  .  .    .  .     .  .    E22       }Effects Column\line
\line
The note column is where the notes are entered. On a qwerty keyboard, the top 
row (qwerty etc) would represent C4-B4, the next C5-B5, and the bottom C6-B6. 
Simply press the key to enter the note.\line
\line
If you want to enter the same note repeatedly, highlight the note and press 
the [enter] key.  Then use the spacebar to enter the notes. (This also works 
with the other columns) To control how many rows are skipped between notes, 
enter the number in the [spacing] box. [0] means that the note entered will 
remain highlighted. [1] will automatically move the highlight to the next row, 
and so on.\line
\line
{\i Blocks}\line
\line
To highlight a block, click on the beginning of the block. Holding down the 
left mouse key, drag the highlight to where you want it. Then right click to 
view options, such as changing the pitch of the note, copying, cutting, etc.\line
\line
{\i Effects}\line
ModPlug Tracker supports effects for the IT/S3M format, and the XM/MOD format. 
Which set of effects used depends on the type of module loaded or created in 
the tracker. For a complete list of these effects, please check the documentation 
for that particular type of tracker.\line
\line
{\b #{\footnote html_starting.htm_sample}The Sample screen}\line
\line
{\i Entering samples}\line
\line
Select [new sample], the icon in the upper left-hand corner of the sample 
screen. Then select the small folder icon to import the sample. To change a 
sample, display the sample you want to replace and use the folder icon to get 
the new sample.\line
\line
{\i Listen to sample}\line
\line
Samples can be listened to by clicking the button with the small musical 
notes on it.\line
\line
{\i Manipulate samples}\line
\line
Samples can be amplified, normalized, reversed and resampled according to 
your needs.  Loops can be created by turning the loop option on and selecting 
the beginning and ending of the loop. The start point and end point will be 
represented by lines through the sample.  Loops play continuously. To stop 
playback at any time, select the [stop] button on the tool bar.\line
\line
{\b #{\footnote html_starting.htm_instrument}The Instrument screen}\line
\line
{\i Entering Instruments}\line
\line
Instruments can be created in two ways. First, select [new instrument] in the 
upper left-hand corner of the instrument screen.  Then either use the folder 
icon to load a previously saved instrument, or move to the [note mapping] 
section.  Change the numbers in the column to correspond to the sample you 
want. If you are using one sample only, simply enter the number once, then 
right click and select [map all notes to sample x].\line
\line
{\i Special note}\line
\line
If you are making changes to an existing mod, there may be [instruments] that 
are simply a line of type inserted by the previous author. In order to use 
these instruments, you must first delete the instrument (use the Windows 
explorer menu in the left screen, right click on the instrument name and 
select [delete instrument]), then follow the steps outlined above for entering 
an instrument.\line
\line
\line
{\i Volume Envelope}\line
\line
Check the [use volume envelope] box. Right click on the black box and select 
[insert point]. You will need at least two points to create a volume envelope. 
The top of the screen is the maximum volume, the bottom, the minimum. 
Add points as necessary to make the volume fade in, fade out, or do other 
tricks.\line
\line
{\i Panning Envelope}\line
\line
Check the use [panning envelope] box. Works like the volume envelope except 
the line in the center represents the center panning position.  The top 
represents the right speaker, the bottom, the left.\line
\line
\line
{\b #{\footnote html_starting.htm_comment}The Comment screen}\line
\line
Enter information about your tune or yourself here.\line
\line
\line
{\b #{\footnote html_starting.htm_morehelp}Additional Help}\line
\line
This help menu assumes you know a little about tracking. If you don't, there 
are a lot of good web pages to help!\line
\line
For Fast Tracker Help (XM):  
http://start.at/fff\line
\line
For Impulse Tracker Help (IT):  
http://www.zolaweb.com/Zola\line
\line
}
