{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_view.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote View menu commands}

K{\footnote View menu commands}
{\b #{\footnote html_view.htm_top}View menu commands}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The View menu offers the following commands: 
 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb View Globals}{\v html_view.htm_globals} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb View Patterns}{\v html_view.htm_patterns} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb View Samples}{\v html_view.htm_samples} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb View Instruments}{\v html_view.htm_instruments} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb View Comments}{\v html_view.htm_comments} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Toolbars}{\v html_view.htm_toolbars} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Setup}{\v html_setup.htm_top} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_view.htm_globals}View Globals command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will activate the global settings window for the 
current song. In this window, you can edit the default pan/volume for each 
channel, change the module type, remove/add channels, change the song type, 
and change some basic playback options. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_view.htm_patterns}View Patterns command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will activate the pattern editor. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_view.htm_samples}View Samples command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will activate the sample editor. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_view.htm_instruments}View Instruments command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will activate the instrument editor.\line
This command is available only when editing a XM or IT song. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_view.htm_comments}View Comments command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This command will activate the song text editor.\line
This screen allows you to put more detailed information about you, your 
song, your life, and whatever you might want to share with the world.\line
Shortcut Key: Shift+F9 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_view.htm_toolbars}Toolbars menu}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This menu allows you to toggle the toolbars in Modplug Tracker.\line
You can toggle the main toolbar, and the tree view on the left of the screen. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\uldb Other View menu commands}{\v html_view.htm_top} \sa240\par\pard\plain
}
