{\rtf1 \ansi
\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern LinePrinter;}
{\f2\froman Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
#{\footnote html_window.htm_top_of_file_label}
\fs24

${\footnote Window menu commands}

K{\footnote Window menu commands}
{\b #{\footnote html_window.htm_top}Window menu commands}\sa240\par\pard\plain
The Window menu offers the following commands: 
 
\par\par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb New Window}{\v html_window.htm_new} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Cascade}{\v html_window.htm_cascade} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Tile Horizontal}{\v html_window.htm_tile} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Tile Vertical}{\v html_window.htm_tile} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Arrange Icons}{\v html_window.htm_arrange} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Split}{\v html_window.htm_split} \par\pard\plain
\fi-380\li380\tx380 {\f2\'b7}\tab {\uldb Window 1,2,...}{\v html_window.htm_window} \par\pard\plain

\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_window.htm_new}New Window command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
This will open a new window for editing the same song. It may be useful 
for simultaneously viewing the sample editor and the pattern editor. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_window.htm_cascade}Cascade command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in an overlapped 
fashion. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_window.htm_tile}Tile command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped 
fashion (horizontally or vertically). 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_window.htm_arrange}Arrange Icons command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command to line up the icons of minimized windows. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_window.htm_split}Split command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
Use this command if you want to change the splitting of the current window 
using the keyboard arrows. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\b #{\footnote html_window.htm_window}Window 1, 2, ... command}\sa240\par\pard\plain
ModPlug Tracker displays a list of currently open document windows at the 
bottom of the Window menu. A check mark appears in front of the document 
name of the active window. Choose a document from this list to make its 
window active. 
\line
\sa240\par\pard\plain
\sa240{\qc\f0 ____________________________________________________________________________}\par\pard\plain
{\uldb Other Window menu commands}{\v html_window.htm_top} \sa240\par\pard\plain
}
